# `CLM`

**Contract Lifecycle Management (CLM)** is a web application used to manage vendor agreements.

## 🚀 Features

- **Contract Creation**  
  Create and manage legally binding contracts with vendors.

- **Participant Invitation**  
  Invite all stakeholders to collaborate on the contract.

- **E-signing of Contracts**  
  Sign contracts electronically, eliminating the need for physical paperwork.

- **Delivery Note Generation**  
  Automatically generate delivery notes as proof of delivery.

- **Invoice Generation**  
  Create invoices directly from contract or delivery data.

- **Locking of Assets in Escrow**  
  Secure payment and asset exchange through escrow integration.

- **Flexible Payment Terms**  
  Supports various payment configurations:
  1. On Delivery  
  2. Periodic Payments*  
  3. Milestone-based Payments*  
  4. Net 60/90/Custom Terms*  
  5. 7, 14, 30 Day Cycles*  
  6. Immediate Payment

- **Discounts and Penalties**  
  Configure dynamic pricing based on early payment or late delivery.

- **Automatic Asset Transfer**  
  Transfer goods, services, or access rights automatically on contract fulfillment.

- **Dispute Resolution**  
  Built-in mechanisms to manage and resolve disputes efficiently.



## Running the project locally

If you want to test your project locally, you can use the following commands:

```bash
# Starts the replica, running in the background
dfx start --background

# Deploys your canisters to the replica and generates your candid interface
dfx deploy
```

Once the job completes, your application will be available at `http://localhost:4943?canisterId={asset_canister_id}`.

If you have made changes to your backend canister, you can generate a new candid interface with

```bash
npm run generate
```

at any time. This is recommended before starting the frontend development server, and will be run automatically any time you run `dfx deploy`.

If you are making frontend changes, you can start a development server with

```bash
npm start
```

Which will start a server at `http://localhost:8080`, proxying API requests to the replica at port 4943.

### Note on frontend environment variables

If you are hosting frontend code somewhere without using DFX, you may need to make one of the following adjustments to ensure your project does not fetch the root key in production:

- set`DFX_NETWORK` to `ic` if you are using Webpack
- use your own preferred method to replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` in the autogenerated declarations
  - Setting `canisters -> {asset_canister_id} -> declarations -> env_override to a string` in `dfx.json` will replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` with the string in the autogenerated declarations
- Write your own `createActor` constructor
